README.md, before:

# My Coroutine Experiments
This repo contains the results of some experiments using the Coroutines TS - both by itself, and with libraries like Boost.Asio and Qt, to help me better understand its capabilities.

With the exception of the Qt examples I implemented a really basic coroutine using an integer multiply as an example "asynchronous" task. We wait for it to asynchronously execute and then complete the computation by adding another integer. I figured out the necessary infrastructure (awaitable and promise types) necessary to get this working in each case.

The Qt examples are a bit more complex and involve coroutines that use 0, 1, and 2 asynchronous results delivered via signal. The "normal" Qt implementation is in [qt_basic.cpp](qt_basic.cpp) while the Coroutine version is in [qt_coro.cpp](qt_coro.cpp).

## To Build

It's the usual CMake flow, but your compiler needs to be a recent Clang or MSVC 2017+:

    mkdir build; cd build; cmake ..

Common options to cmake:

- Path to the compiler, usually needed for clang: `-DCMAKE_CXX_COMPILER=/path/to/clang++`

- Building a release build with debug information: `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=relwithdebinfo`

It is not necessary to pass the path to the MSVC compiler usually, but the build has to start
from the Visual Studio Command Line.

gcc does not support coroutines at this time.

Commit message:

Cache the BOOST_ROOT cmake variable.
A BOOST_ROOT provided by the user will be preserved. Update the README to reflect this.

README.md, after:

# My Coroutine Experiments
This repo contains the results of some experiments using the Coroutines TS - both by itself, and with libraries like Boost.Asio and Qt, to help me better understand its capabilities.

With the exception of the Qt examples I implemented a really basic coroutine using an integer multiply as an example "asynchronous" task. We wait for it to asynchronously execute and then complete the computation by adding another integer. I figured out the necessary infrastructure (awaitable and promise types) necessary to get this working in each case.

The Qt examples are a bit more complex and involve coroutines that use 0, 1, and 2 asynchronous results delivered via signal. The "normal" Qt implementation is in [qt_basic.cpp](qt_basic.cpp) while the Coroutine version is in [qt_coro.cpp](qt_coro.cpp).

## To Build

It's the usual CMake flow, but your compiler needs to be a recent Clang or MSVC 2017+:

    mkdir build; cd build; cmake ..

Common options to cmake:

- Path to the compiler, usually needed for clang: `-DCMAKE_CXX_COMPILER=/path/to/clang++`

- Path to Boost - needed when Boost is in a less-than-usual location: `-DBOOST_ROOT=/path/to/boost_install`. This variable is cached and needs to be given only once per build location.

- Building a release build with debug information: `-DCMAKE_BUILD_TYPE=relwithdebinfo`

### Platform Notes

- It is not necessary to pass the path to the MSVC compiler, but the build has to start from the Visual Studio Command Line.

- No additional cmake options are needed on macOS. Once macPorts updates their boost to 1.77.0, it will be detected by the build and used.

- gcc does not support coroutines at this time.
